Migration Guide Improvements + few mgmt samples (#15479)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/samples/README.md

    - List queues
    - Get queue properties
    - Get queue runtime information
- [mgmt_topic](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/samples/sync_samples/mgmt_topic.py) ([async_version](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/samples/async_samples/mgmt_topic_async.py)) - Examples to manage topic entities under a given servicebus namespace
    - Create a topic
    - Delete a topic
    - Update a topic
    - List topic
    - Get topic properties
    - Get topic runtime information
- [mgmt_subscription](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/samples/sync_samples/mgmt_subscription.py) ([async_version](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/samples/async_samples/mgmt_subscription_async.py)) - Examples to manage subscription entities under a given servicebus namespace
    - Create a subscription
    - Delete a subscription
    - Update a subscription
    - List subscription
    - Get subscription properties
    - Get subscription runtime information

> - [mgmt_rule](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/samples/sync_samples/mgmt_rule.py) ([async_version](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/samples/async_samples/mgmt_rule_async.py)) - Examples to manage topic entities under a given servicebus namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [mgmt_rule](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/samples/sync_samples/mgmt_rule.py) ([async_version](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-python/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/azure-servicebus/samples/async_samples/mgmt_rule_async.py)) - Examples to manage rule entities under a given servicebus subscription
```
